# Comaprision-Of-Various-Image-Compression-Techniques
Image compression plays an impassive role in memory storage while getting a good quality compressed image. There are two types of compression such as Lossy and Lossless compression. Huffman coding is one of the efficient lossless compression techniques. It is a process for getting exact restoration of original data after decompression. It has a lower Compression ratio. Lossy compression is a process for getting not exact restoration of Original data after decompression. However, the accuracy of the reconstruction is traded with the efficiency of compression. It is mainly used for image data compression and decompression. It has a higher compression ratio. Lossy compression can be seen in fast transmission of still images over the internet where the amount of error can be acceptable. Enhancement techniques mainly fall into two broad categories: spatial domain methods and frequency domain methods. Spatial domain techniques are more popular than the frequency domain methods because they are based on direct manipulation of pixels in an image such as logarithmic transforms, power-law transforms, and histogram equalization. However, these pixel values are manipulated to achieve the desired enhancement. But they usually enhance the whole image in a uniform manner which in many cases produces undesirable results.

For Detailed Explanation Go To: https://github.com/ShivamK30/Comaprision-Of-Various-Image-Compression-Techniques/blob/master/Image%20Compression%20Techniques.pdf
